#TW iOS Training Exercise

##OverviewTo verify your passion for iOS knowledge, we would like you to finish the following exercise. The Specification and Guidelines are listed below. You are expected to implement the functions as possible as you can. Wish you a good journey in iOS development.##Specification1. Displays the content in a UITableView2. App data should be read from “facts.json” file in the attachment.3. The title in the navbar should be updated from the json4. Each row should be the right height to display its own content and no taller. No content should be clipped. This means some rows will be larger than others.
##Guidelines1. Should use storyboard to implement the UI;2. Could choose either Swift or Objective-C to implement it.Finally, each row of the table should look roughly like the following image. It does not need to be exact, but should have a title at the top in blue, the description underneath it in black, and the image (when one exists) somewhere on the right.
Finally, each row of the table should look roughly like the following image. It does not need to be exact, but should have a title at the top in blue, the description underneath it in black, and the image (when one exists) somewhere on the right.
*Recommended Books:*1. [Start Developing iOS Apps Today](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/referencelibrary/GettingStarted/RoadMapiOS/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40011343)2. [Programming with Objective-C](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/ProgrammingWithObjectiveC/Introduction/Introduction.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40011210)3. [Auto Layout Guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UserExperience/Conceptual/AutolayoutPG/Introduction/Introduction.html)4. [The Swift Programming Language](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Swift/Conceptual/Swift_Programming_Language/index.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40014097)5. Stanford classes: Developing iOS 7 Apps for iPhone and iPad